Updated to User Guide formatting (#378)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales-channels/asc/listing-rules.md

|Field|Description|
|---|---|

> |Websites|The options in this drop-down depend on the [websites]({% link stores/websites-stores-views.md %}) you have set up in your Magento configuration. Select the website to represent which website to have eligible products listed on Amazon. Only one website can be selected, as each website requires a unique Amazon store created in Amazon Sales Channel. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Websites|The available options depend on the [websites]({% link stores/websites-stores-views.md %}) you have set up in your Magento configuration. Select the website to represent which website to have eligible products listed on Amazon. Only one website can be selected, as each website requires a unique Amazon store created in Amazon Sales Channel. |
```
